---
title: The Bomber And The Dancer
published: true
---
When the King was angry, he had all his wives executed. Each of their heads were placed on sticks on the gate just outside of the ruins of the old battle fortress. The brightness of their red hair and green dress were in the tradition of Annabelle, who died and became a holographic person. They became a row of long red hair under the morning sun.

A young boy, in his late teen, and nearly approaching adulthood, would ride his black horse in the city, where parts of it were higher in technology than other portions. He lived just outside the center of technology, where people still lived in largely an agrarian lifestyle as they have been for the last one thousands years when grocery store initially went extinct. Now a new market was growing once again, brought forth by the descendants of the old markets, who wanted to get rich quickly, and start economic empires. He had never been one to choose to buy things at a supermarket, instead preferring to grow his own peppers. However as computer technology slowly became the norm again, he allowed himself some pleasure of mobile technology, despite swearing to himself five years previously that he would never do so. Partially this was a promise to his dad, who was in many ways excessively tradition.

When he finally broke out on his own, do to the death of his parents, he found himself in a situation where had he to use at least some technology just to survive, even if he still preferred to do certain things traditionally, such as painting and calligraphy. While others were attempting to use photo filters devised by the rebirth of old tech firms, he would still use an old sable brushed that he had inherited from his mom. He was one that suited him well for all these years, and he certainly was not going to stop now. Although this made it so that when it became time to actually scan his art pieces, it would take a ridiculously large amount of time. But at least now there was no longer a King that would put him in prison for preferring the traditional art process.

It has been a thousand years since the collapse of civilization; the idea that technology could return at all to mankind was nothing short of a miracle, even if there was no such thing as a deity per say. However what came with it were certain superstitions about automation and robotics, do the fact that some people still thought they were dragon bones, rather than left over from the countless wars over the last thousand years across what was once the United States. People would recycle these parts ad infinitum, even if to use them as prosthetic limbs, for those who could not afford a real doctor. This made it so that having a certain degree of night vision was actually the norm, and made petty thievery a more subtle affair of deception. With many backs being stabbed by people who were once friends.

Do the rumors he heard about crime in the street, it took him a while just to muster up the courage to begin dating. Even then, he mostly kept this to dating girls online. But he struggled to pay attention to this aspect of his life, because he also fancied himself somewhat of amateur historian for the ancient high technology wars. He had also heard that the colonizing forces, France and Japan still held onto a large degree of their technology, and never had a collapse to quite the same degree the US has.

In this respect, he was socially awkward enough that it was a struggle to not exclusively talk about this subject, even when it was a girl that much many aspects of his fetish. But eventually the ones that were able to look past this, and stuck around to meet him on the first date.

Then they were promptly murdered by thieves and bandits.

So now he wanders the Earth on his horse, trying to find some town on the edge of the dried forest where he could find someone to begin a relationship with, as increasingly distant a possibility as this became.
